README.md, before:

WORK IN PROGRESS

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- Add their email and submit the form
- See a success message with their email after successfully submitting the form
- See form validation messages if:
  - The field is left empty
  - The email address is not formatted correctly
- View the optimal layout for the interface depending on their device's screen size
- See hover and focus states for all interactive elements on the page

### Screenshot

![](./design/desktop-design.jpg)

### Links

- Live Site URL: [Newsletter-sign-up-LIVE](https://newsletter-sign-up-page-with-error.netlify.app)

## My process

### Built with

- HTML5
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- Vanilla JavaScript

### What I learned

In this project my main goal was implement JavaScript logic and not semantic html, i simply rushed thrue that, but actually i think i still did a pretty decent job on semantic perspective :D Tell me more about it if you can !

### Continued development

My main focus for next projects is to understand more how DOM interacts with html file,

Commit message:

Added copy on click functionality

README.md, after:

WORK IN PROGRESS

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)

## Overview

In our day and age, it is crucial to have a strong password.
And I have a BIG PROBLEM thinking of secure passwords that are not as basic as helloWord123, or sunshineKiller6969, those passwords of mine are long in the past (or not :D).
So to battle my simple password generation I came up with the idea to create my own password generator.

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

-See hover effect over generate password button.
-When clicked generate two passwords
-Copy password to clipboard on click

### Screenshot

![](./images/pseudo%20code.jpg)
![](./images/screenshot.png)

### Links

- Live Site URL: [Password generator LIVE](https://newsletter-sign-up-page-with-error.netlify.app)

## My process

### Built with

- HTML5 Semantic
- CSS
- JavaScript

### What I learned

In this project, so much new stuff was learned. One should also mention that this project was completed without any tutorials.
Prior to this project, struggling with functions, arrays, and loops was common, but after this experience, it can be confidently said that those beasts were tamed, and there's now a solid understanding of how they work and when to use them.
Additionally, all the code was initially written as pseudo-code in a notebook, where the logic was laid out before coding, which helped immensely in figuring out what to use and where.

### Continued development

My main focus for next projects is to understand more how DOM interacts with html file,
